Documentation Clean Up - Part 1 (Concepts) (#7260)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/controller-manager.md

#### "Seed" Reconciler

This loop also watches the `Seed` object and adds finalizers to it at creation.
If a `.metadata.deletionTimestamp` is set for the seed, then the controller checks for existing `ControllerInstallation` objects which reference this seed.
If no such objects exist, then it removes the finalizer and allows the deletion.

### [`Event` Controller](../../pkg/controllermanager/controller/event)

With the Gardener Event Controller, you can prolong the lifespan of events related to Shoot clusters.
This is an optional controller which will become active once you provide the below mentioned configuration.

All events in K8s are deleted after a configurable time-to-live (controlled via a [kube-apiserver argument](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/) called `--event-ttl` (defaulting to 1 hour)).
The need to prolong the time-to-live for Shoot cluster events frequently arises when debugging customer issues on live systems.
This controller leaves events involving Shoots untouched, while deleting all other events after a configured time.
In order to activate it, provide the following configuration:

> * `concurrentSyncs`: The amount of go routines scheduled for reconciling events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `concurrentSyncs`: The amount of goroutines scheduled for reconciling events.
```

See https://go.dev/tour/concurrency/1

This reconciler is responsible for maintaining shoot clusters based on the time window defined in their `.spec.maintenance.timeWindow`.
It might auto-update the Kubernetes version or the operating system versions specified in the worker pools (`.spec.provider.workers`).

> It could also add some operation or task annotations For more information, see [Shoot Maintenance](../usage/shoot_maintenance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It could also add some operation or task annotations. For more information, see [Shoot Maintenance](../usage/shoot_maintenance.md).
```
